THIS IS A WORK OF FICTION
CHILD ACTORS WERE FILMED SAFELY
WITH SUPERVISION
I'm over 30.
and this is only my first album.
It's way too late.
isn't it?
THE 1ST ALBUM
BAND GA-EUL
I only had one thing on my mind.
I wanted to stand tall
and propose to you first.
I'm signing with a label soon.
and I can get us a house with a yard
you always wanted.
-So we should--
-Ga-eul.
Do you really want to get married?
I don't want to lose you.
So what if we get married?
Then what?
Will you force yourself
to fit into the future I want?
Holding back everything
you really want to do?
I will.
If you want.
I'll release albums more frequently.
and I won't go anywhere.
You fool.
That's not the person I fell in love with.
I don't want you
to change yourself because of me.
I sound so selfish right now.
I built up all those expectations for me.
and now I'm the one pulling back.
I'm…
too late. aren't I?
You know me.
I'm the type who thinks
releasing a first album
past 30 is too late.
But you're not just any 30-year-old.
You learned how to play instruments.
kept writing lyrics.
and pretended to travel
while working on a lot of part-time jobs.
You knew about that?
You were right.
This album was meant to come out now.
not back then.
So this is it?
This is how it ends?
Yeah.
Ji-yoon.
You were incredible today.
Just like the person I first fell for.
Ga-eul.
like you are now.
keep living as yourself.
Don't force yourself to fit into my life.
I'll do the same.
Thank you…
for letting me see you shine on stage…
one last time.
In the end.
I couldn't bring myself to open the album.
It would've felt
like prying open a heart
that had barely found closure.
EPISODE 4
BROKE UP YESTERDAY. STILL CLOCKING IN!
Just how much did you cry?
Until there wasn't
a single ounce of regret left.
Why don't you just get back together?
He's finally doing well for himself.
What a shame.
Then we'd just break up again.
and I'll look like a toad like this again.
Being the damsel in distress
in your own movie
while everyone thinks it's nothing.
That's what a real relationship is.
Hello. Ms. Cha Ji-yoon!
I'm Shin Na-ri from Marketing.
Hi. Na-ri!
-We're in the same intake.
-I know.
Why did you want to see me?
I heard you were available
to help out this weekend.
Sorry?
So then. you must be free this weekend.
She's been working overtime nonstop.
Now you want her weekend?
No. it's fine. I said I'm okay with it.
Okay. then.
We're collaborating with a highball brand
to promote our sphere ice.
Oh? A baseball stadium?
It's SAEUM's home game this weekend.
All 20.000 seats are already sold out.
Perfect chance to make a splash. right?
That's amazing.
Na-ri's quite good. you know.
Actually. Mr. Kang himself was the one
who proposed this plan.
Figures. He's as thorough as ever.
Speaking of.
is he the reason why your eyes
look like that?
I've just been hearing wild rumors.
Not rumors. They're facts.
And he speaks so harshly too.
Seriously?
He may not be a man of many words.
but he's not always like that.
He's actually quite caring.
Ms. Cha.
are you defending Mr. Kang right now?
I'm not defending him. I'm just…
Are you two…
Is there something going on
between you two?
"Something"? As if!
Everyone knows he can be a total jerk
when he speaks.
And once he catches a single flaw.
he never lets it go.
Just brutal truth bombs
and vitriol all the way!
We should go back to work.
I'll get in touch again later.
Mr. Kang.
Did you hear that?
Hear what?
I just said…
That I sound like a jerk?
I'm sorry.
It must be true
if you say so.
It must be true if you say so.
If you say so.
What are we doing
for the new product presentation?
You're riding on someone else's coattails.
so don't tell me you'll do
the presentation yourself too.
No. I have no intention of doing it.
At least you've got some decency.
Then Ms. Cha.
write up a draft of the presentation.
I'll have to revise it several times.
so get it ready as soon as possible.
The presentation
will be given by Ms. Cha.
I will?
Yes.
You're the only one
who's been on this project
from the initial planning
through successful development.
Are you kidding?
That's utterly insane.
How can a mere Sr. Associate
handle a new product presentation?
Ms. Cha. you tell him.
Do you think this is even reasonable?
It must be
if Mr. Kang says so.
What?
You're fully capable of handling it.
You just need to do what you did
to convince the Development Team and me.
You think getting up
on a big stage like that
is so easy?
Don't let your greed ruin the whole thing!
Okay.
I'll do it.
What? Ms. Cha!
Very well.
I'll help you.
Yes. Mr. Kang.
Seriously?
Me? A new product presentation?
A new product presentation?!
Why can't you just keep your head down?
Why do you keep causing trouble? Why?
Or is this a good thing?
At least I can
bury myself in work this way.
Hey. work.
Thanks a lot
for letting me
drown out my sadness with pain.
THANKS A LOT FOR LETTING ME
DROWN OUT MY SADNESS WITH PAIN!
No-ah living her best life.
DELF A2. here I come!
Could you write your number here?
I have a boyfriend.
Really?
Sorry?
I'm collecting all the students' numbers.
I'm the TA for this class.
Oh. I'm sorry. I totally misunderstood.
Give me a second.
Here.
YOON NO-AH
010-0705-8005
"Yoon No-ah."
-I'll reach out to this number.
-Okay.
Give me back my hat
when we meet next time.
Sorry?
That hat is really special to me.
You should cover up your tears.
No.
Why not? You're tall.
Not taller than a tree.
Then just use this.
Not a chance.
Then what am I supposed to do about that?
I can't just lose that.
Hold onto that tight.
Thank you. mister.
I didn't do it. You did it yourself.
Okay.
Here.
Is that a gift for me?
Let's go!
Do you not like chocolate?
Yes. I like it.
Then what's with that face?
And if you were going to help anyway.
why did you say no at first?
It’s true
that I couldn't have done it alone.
See. this is why people…
You really are the type
to be easily misunderstood.
Do you know that?
The Clock-in Fairy
has been showing up late these days.
I was up late last night
working on the presentation draft.
We're already on a tight schedule
with the presentation.
and now you want me
to help out the Marketing Team too.
Even two of me wouldn't…
We're not just here to support.
Then what?
Think of this as a rehearsal
for the presentation.
This is also an introduction
of our product to potential customers.
Doing this today will help you find
the right direction for the presentation.
So you set this all up for me?
It was for me.
You know how the coach gets blamed
if a player bombs.
Shall we?
You sure you like that?
It looks like you hate it.
I will handle the event with the brand.
Ms. Cha. could you stand
by the refrigerator
and explain the features
and benefits of sphere ice?
-Got it.
-Thanks.
And Mr. Kang…
I didn't expect you to show up too.
I'll just hand out flyers.
Okay.
In that case. here.
I managed to secure one for Mr. Kang too.
SAEUM DRAGONS
I almost thought he was a player.
His build is unnecessarily good
to be working at an electronics company.
He works out unnecessarily too much.
Who cares if his tone is a bit harsh?
He's such an eye candy.
Good thing he doesn't talk much.
Nice.
-What are you doing?
-Sorry?
Can't you see people are waiting?
Oh. my apologies!
-Hi. we're from SAEUM.
-Hello!
Would you like to try a drink?
What you're seeing here
is SAEUM's new product.
the sphere ice refrigerator.
Let me tell you what sphere ice is.
Hi. we're SAEUM.
Could I get your autograph?
I'm not a baseball player.
The game's started.
so you can leave this to us
and go watch the game for a bit.
Are you sure?
Of course!
Mr. Kang. let's go.
Okay. let's go.
Yes!
-SAEUM. SAEUM DRAGONS
-Win it all! Victory!
-SAEUM DRAGONS!
-SAEUM!
-Let's go!
-Should we watch from here?
-Sure.
-Oh. excuse me.
-Yes?
Would you like one too? It's on me.
I'm driving.
-Just one. please.
-One?
-Yes.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
-Enjoy.
That's the stuff.
Beer is a must
when you're at a baseball game.
I'm questioning your loyalty
to the company.
You were just running an ice ball event.
and now you turn to beer?
Beer and loyalty to the company
are two separate matters.
Why keep swinging for the fences
when they have no outs
and runners are on first and second?
What's wrong with swinging for the fences?
I mean. we're down by one.
The right thing to do
is bringing in another run
by trying a sacrifice bunt.
But a single hit could flip the game.
If I were the coach.
I'd tell them to be aggressive
and swing even if they miss.
Go! Go! Go!
A fan just caught the ball barehanded.
Wow. he instinctively reached out
so his girlfriend wouldn't get hit.
Could this be the power of love?
Thank you.
You're supposed to dodge
when a ball's flying at you.
I don't know why.
but I freeze up when I panic.
That's because you don't work out.
Try to work out three times a week.
Thank…
Mr. Kang! Is your hand all right?
Oh no.
It's all swollen and red.
Come on. you told me to dodge.
then why on earth
did you go for it like that?
-You're not a baseball player!
-That hurts.
Exactly! What do we do?
My goodness.
It hurts more when you grab it.
What is it?
So adorable!
It's the couple from earlier
who caught that foul ball barehanded.
You two! Are you not a couple?
You're not a couple?
Well then. starting today.
you can be one!
-Kiss! Kiss!
Isn't that your sister?
-Starting today. you can be one!
-Mom. Mom!
Come here. hurry!
-Look at this.
-Kiss! Kiss!
-Isn't that your sister?
-That's your daughter. right?
Who's that man?
No idea.
-Kiss! Kiss!
-Huh?
-Kiss!
-Now!
-Kiss! Kiss!
What should we do?
Excuse me a moment.
-Kiss! Kiss!
-Boo!
We couldn't have done this event
without you two.
Thank you so much.
Don't mention it. It was fun.
I'll compile the survey results
and send them over around Monday.
Okay. Thanks for your hard work.
Mr. Kang.
Now that I'm seeing you up close.
I understand what Ms. Cha said about you.
No. wait. Back then. I…
Was there something else
other than how I sound like a jerk?
Yes. She said you don't talk much.
but you're very caring.
When did I say "very"?
I said "quite."
Did you? Well. either way.
I'll see you at work. then.
Okay! See you later.
I'm serious.
I didn't say "very."
Okay.
And it's not like I brought it up first.
It's just that
people have the wrong idea about you.
Yes. I know.
Thank you.
For what?
For believing me.
Let me give you a ride.
I'll buy you dinner
since I made you work on the weekend.
Sorry. but I already have plans today.
I see.
Then I'll see you at work on Monday.
Okay.
Come to think of it. we've never even had
a proper meal together yet.
CHO GA-EUL
GA-EUL
Are they not over yet?
LIKE A CAT
I don't know when it began
Your gaze made every part of me breathe
What am I doing?
TIER 1 BEEF
Wow. this is delicious.
You should've gotten
the best one while you were at it.
This is Tier 1.
I thought Tier 1 was the best too
since you were always Tier 1.
But it turns out.
there's 1+ and 1++ beef too.
So there must've been people
rated higher than you.
Don't beat around the bushes.
Mom got your rating
from a matchmaking agency.
Why would you do such a thing?
Well? So?
What tier am I?
Out of 15 tiers.
you're on Tier 9.
Low. just like my school grades.
Why am I a Tier 9? Huh?
Because there are professionals
like doctors and lawyers
and celebrities
with remarkable looks above you.
For Tier 3 and above.
your parents have to be stacked.
What. so that you can live off
your parents even after getting married?
That's just ridiculous.
They asked if we'd be okay
with a guy who's been divorced.
What's gotten into you lately. Mom?
You used to tell me not to get married
and just live alone
and focus on my career.
I said that because I was scared
you might marry that punk.
Now. I have a goal.
What goal?
Once I get you married.
-I'm graduating from marriage.
-What?
-What about me?
-Once you're married. I'll divorce.
Mom!
Kicking Dad out to the rooftop
wasn't enough? Are you serious?
Same difference.
He's barely at home anyway.
Who was that man?
What man?
-The man from the baseball game!
-Geez.
You got caught on the kiss cam.
He's my boss.
The manager of my team.
Is he married?
He must be married
if he's a manager at her company.
His salary must be insane.
He's pretty good-looking.
I like Ga-eul. though.
That kid didn't have any money.
but he was nice and polite for sure.
Ga-eul's doing well these days. Mom.
He dropped an album
and holds concerts now.
He probably makes good money now.
-Really?
-Yeah.
Then you should get back together.
You know what?
This is exactly why I hate coming home.
If you want to graduate or divorce
or whatever. just do it already!
Don't use me as an excuse!
There goes that temper again.
She's just like her dad.
That's not how I see it.
What kind of mom
tries to marry off her daughter
just so she can "graduate" from marriage?
Why? I get her.
Parents just want to see their kids
get married with a clean profile.
In this day and age.
divorce isn't even an…
Right.
I used to cheer on other people
getting gray divorces.
but my heart sank when it became
about my own parents.
That's why divorce
is different
from a simple breakup while dating.
It's a decision made
after thinking about the whole family.
It means they had to see
a lot more people's tears.
That must've been really hard.
For whom? Your mom?
Oh. it's just
someone I know who got divorced.
Why did you come alone?
Should've come with Ms. Ji-yoon.
Since when are you calling her
"Ms. Ji-yoon"?
Then what do I call her?
"Sr. Associate Cha"?
She had plans.
Makes sense.
Who would want to hang out
with their boss on the weekend?
You should've treated her better.
You gave her a hard time
at work. didn't you?
She's very competent.
The best I've ever worked with.
You have a soft spot for competent women.
I have a soft spot for competent men too.
I just haven't met one.
No. it's not that. I mean…
Do you
like Ms. Ji-yoon romantically?
Huh? What was that?
Don't start things like that. It's rude.
That guy.
What?
YEONG-MOOK REPAIR SERVICES
Sir?
Do you repair cassette players too?
This suddenly stopped working.
Ma'am.
this was discontinued in 1998.
so there wouldn't be any parts.
Exactly. What kind of dad
gives their kid this thing
when everyone else had CD players?
It wasn't even new.
He fixed up some broken secondhand one.
You said you liked it then.
I did like it.
I looked so slick back then
with my earphones on.
You've been using this all this time?
It's back on trend these days.
Don't you know "retro"?
Retro. my ass.
Dad. why did you marry Mom?
Because I wanted to be with her.
Then why do you make her feel so alone?
Did she say something again?
No.
But if I'm being honest.
you're a total failure as a husband.
You're always glued
to broken audio equipment.
and you're barely at home.
I'd want to dump you too if I were her.
I know.
But it's just…
Whenever someone walks through that door.
I can't help but give in.
To some people.
these are memories worth fixing
no matter how much money
or how much time it takes.
I know.
But you need to take care
of Mom's memories now. okay?
At this rate. all she'll have left
is resentment toward you.
This place is bound
to close down soon anyway.
Hardly anyone comes by anymore.
Wow. what's this?
Did you splurge without Mom knowing?
It was a gift.
Hey. hey.
Careful.
Who would give you something like this?
Just someone
who's been coming here since he was a kid.
What?
He once took apart his home audio system.
broke it. and brought it in.
I told him he could come here and tinker
all he wants if he's that curious.
and he's been
coming constantly ever since.
What kind of person is he?
He's not someone shady. is he?
What's there to be shady about him?
He just comes by
to fix broken stuff and leaves.
That's all?
But I like it.
I don't feel bored when he's around.
Seems like you're happier
to see him than your daughter.
Oh my. there's no way.
He should be here by now.
You're here.
What are you doing?
My daughter left me something to repair.
Oh. the daughter
who asks a lot of questions?
Right.
She's a real handful. that one.
So curious ever since she was little.
Always asking why this. why that.
Still.
just looking at her makes me smile.
Yes. there are people like that.
Do you mind if I try fixing it?
You want to?
Sure. go ahead.
Wow. I guess seeing him over the weekend
made him show up in my dreams too.
SUNNY
Office romance alert!
Kiss cam at a baseball game!
Three-No-Man and Clock-out Fairy
spotted on a kiss cam!
LOL. what is this?
Why were they at a baseball game?
Was it a date?
So? Did they kiss?
There's no way.
-What?
-What is this?
Seriously. what is wrong with everyone?
Starting a fuss whenever a man
and a woman are in one frame!
So just set the facts straight already.
before it gets even
more awkward for Ms. Cha.
"Hello. this is Shin Na-ri
from the Marketing Team."
"Last weekend.
Mr. Kang Si-woo and Ms. Cha Ji-yoon
were at the baseball game
simply assisting a marketing event."
"I hope there are no misunderstandings."
SHIN NA-RI
REPLY FROM ELECTROCUTED MAN
He makes people work on weekends?
So he really is a hard-ass.
Good thing I didn't join the task force.
She'll get thrown away
like trash again. though.
Run away. Ms. "C"!
"Three-No-Man"? No. no.
More like "Three-No-Hope."
Are you sure
that didn't make things worse?
I guess it's better
than weird rumors spreading.
You think those two saw this too?
Ms. Cha doesn't check this stuff.
That's a relief.
SHIN NA-RI
REPLY FROM ELECTROCUTED MAN
Isn't it obvious we were working?
And if it's proven false.
they should drop it.
Why paint Mr. Kang
as the Grim Reaper again?
Hey. did you see it?
The ballpark kiss cam?
Yeah! I was totally hyped.
but I heard they were just working.
Anticlimactic much?
But the camera wouldn't just
zoom in on them for no reason.
It must've zoomed in
because they had sparks flying.
Right?
I could sense a spark even at a glance.
We'll have to see.
Would Ms. Cha become
another victim of the Three-No-Man or not?
Really?
I'm not going to be anybody's victim!
Mr. Kang.
I really need to nail this presentation.
So please. help me out.
I like things to be perfect.
Yes. I'm aware.
So my teaching style will be very strict.
I'm ready for it.
Are you sure you won't regret it?
Yes.
Now he's even making her study English.
Isn't it unfair to make
a Sr. Associate do a big presentation?
I know he hates Mr. Ko. but still.
As long as she pulls it off.
it's an opportunity for Ms. Cha too.
That's true. but…
But what?
You know that person
who went on leave to seek therapy
after working under Mr. Kang?
Apparently.
they ended up like that while working
on a new product launch presentation.
Really?
The pressure of the presentation
must've been intense.
They prepped everything.
but in the end.
Mr. Kang did the presentation.
Is Mr. Kang a pro
at riding coattails or what?
It's hit or miss.
If it goes well. it'll be a jackpot.
If it doesn't. total bust.
Ms. Cha must be nervous.
…transforms an ordinary drink
into an experience.
-Weird. isn't it?
-What do you think is the issue?
My pronunciation is awkward.
and my intonation is a bit…
That's not what matters.
Then what does?
The confidence that comes from believing
that you've created the best product.
That's what your speech
is missing right now.
Forget that it's in English.
There will be subtitles.
so it's fine if people can't understand.
Be a little more arrogant. more confident.
Let's try again.
Okay.
With less surface in the area in contact…
Smile.
…with your drink…
Make your gestures
clearer and bigger.
…the ice melts slowly…
Relax your shoulders.
and tuck your chin in.
…preserving flavor longer…
Eyes steady.
…and above all…
it's beautiful.
Try it again.
remembering what I just said.
Okay.
Thank you.
How many cups of coffee
have you had today?
Maybe two or three?
I told you caffeine
aggravates anxiety. didn't I?
I drank a lot of chamomile tea too.
Chamomile isn't some antidote. you know.
It's still better than not drinking it.
don't you think?
Ms. Choi.
Get in.
So you're back at work.
Yeah.
Was your honeymoon…
Yeah. it was great.
I see you switched teams while I was gone.
I did.
I was worried.
but you seem to be doing well.
Hello. Mr. Ko.
I always have good luck
whenever I meet Ms. Choi in the elevator.
Looks like something good
will happen today.
Is that so?
That's very nice to hear.
Right.
Do you happen to know someone
named Lee Young-hun?
No. I don't. Why?
He was forced by his boss
to suddenly take on
a new product presentation
and had a panic attack. it seems.
Oh dear.
So if you had his number.
I was going to send him
a message of encouragement.
That's very thoughtful of you. Mr. Ko.
A company like this doesn't run itself.
Managers have to look after everyone
above and below.
Isn't that right.
Mr. Kang?
This is Lee Young-hun.
Oh.
Who is this?
Hello?
This is my number. Save it.
And who are you?
I really need that hat for tomorrow.
Can you bring it to me after class?
Thanks for the hat.
But giving it to me as you please
then suddenly asking me
to return it is a bit rude.
You wouldn't have come
if I'd just asked to meet.
What are you trying to pull here?
Let's have some fun together.
How old are you anyway?
I'm 23. And you. No-ah?
What? "No-ah"?
Wow. this little…
I'm 29. you punk.
I see.
Okay then. No-ah. Want a drink?
What the hell?
Hey! That guy looks
like your boyfriend. No-ah!
Man. my heart sank there.
He does look similar.
Hang on.
How do you even know what he looks like?
Did you see it?
How much of it?
Let's see…
How much did I see again?
You cheated on me?
It's not like that.
She doesn't even know I like her.
I'm not planning on telling her either.
But I can't keep dating you
feeling like this.
If we get married like this.
I'd be deceiving you.
He'll get a beating at that rate.
What's she doing?
Yes! Grab the cup and throw it!
What are you doing?
I'm begging you right now.
I'll forgive you. so change your mind.
Get up. Now.
Then just tell me it's not true!
Sorry.
I'll spend the rest of my life atoning.
You saw all that?
I just so happened to.
I can't believe this.
Want to get revenge?
What?
They say you should take revenge first
and enjoy life later.
We should get back at that jerk.
"We"?
Yeah. You and me. No-ah.
"We."
You're not in your right mind. are you?
All right.
Hey. Yoon No-ah!
Did you and Goo-won break up?
Who told you that?
I heard Goo-won blabbed about it
in the guys' group chat.
That he dumped you. but you stalked him
and even begged on your knees.
Is that true? Why would you?
Guess he left out the part
that he dumped me
because he cheated on me.
Seriously?
What the hell?
And he looks like a potato!
I'm telling the guys about this too!
Please do.
Let's do it. Revenge.
Where do we start?
I knew you'd be fun.
Yes. then we'll proceed accordingly.
I'll see you tomorrow.
The presentation's tomorrow.
So why are you still here?
You should go home.
Okay.
I just need
to send one last email. and…
Get up now.
I'll take you home.
Wait. I just need to use the restroom.
Ms. Cha!
I think I'm going to throw up.
So I told you to cut back
on the instant food.
sweet coffee. and sugary drinks!
Sorry?
Please excuse me.
We're going to the hospital.
Wait. Mr. Kang.
Let me just hit "send" on that email.
SEND
EMAIL SENT SUCCESSFULLY
Mr. Kang.
Take me home. not the hospital.
No. we're going to the emergency room.
No.
It's just menstrual cramps.
I left my painkillers at home today.
I see. Okay. then.
Are you sure painkillers will be enough?
It's not too late to go
to the hospital now…
I'll be fine soon.
I didn't know
menstrual cramps
could knock you out like that.
Mine are particularly bad.
Thank you.
Mr. Kang.
Ga-eul?
What are you doing here?
Ms. Cha. you're awake.
Please stay in bed.
We break up.
and now you're all polite with me.
I couldn't use your kitchen.
so I just bought this.
When you get up. eat this porridge first
before you take your meds.
Not on an empty stomach.
Even if you feel better after that.
you should still get checked
at the hospital.
Ga-eul.
Looks like your fever has broken.
I'm sorry.
Well. that's a bit upsetting.
Mr. Kang?
Please don't be sick.
Is this a dream?
Mr. Kang's gentle voice.
his warm touch…
That was a bad one.
I should see a doctor or something.
The presentation's got me really…
Oh. no!
Ji-yoon's still not here?
Another one bit the dust because of him.
How could he?
How could he make someone work
until she passes out?
This giant company is unaffected
even if one screw falls out.
Since there are always spare parts.
Often one that's even stronger
and tighter.
Yes. I'll look into it.
Good.
SAEUM'S SPHERE ICE REFRIGERATOR
NEW PRODUCT
Welcome.
Mr. Kang!
Are you all right?
I know I'm being shameless.
but can I do the presentation?
Please do.
I was nervous I'd get it wrong.
No one here knows
the sphere ice refrigerator like you do.
Go up there
and show off all you want.
Yes. sir.
Ji-yoon…
That's utterly insane.
How can a mere Sr. Associate
handle a new product presentation?
We'll have to see.
Would Ms. Cha become
another victim of the Three-No-Man or not?
What's wrong with swinging for the fences?
If I were the coach.
I'd tell them to be aggressive
and swing even if they miss.
Forget the sacrifice bunts. Be the hero.
Remember this when you get nervous.
"I know the answer."
Is that your sign. Coach?
Yes.
Look at Ms. Cha go.
She's killing it up there.
Seriously. I'm dying of jealousy.
Wasn't she a Sr. Associate on your team?
Why did you send her to the task force?
She's somewhat useful
because she gets things done fast.
but there's a ceiling
to how far you can take her.
She's out the door at 6 p.m. on the dot.
As long as she's good at her job.
who cares if she leaves on time?
No wonder you're stuck
at the Manager level.
You have no eye for talent at all.
It was received better than I expected.
Hang on.
Hey there.
Great work.
The new product is being received
incredibly well thanks to you two.
Come on. let's go eat together.
We already have plans.
Oh? Oh. I see.
Okay. then.
I'll look forward to your next project.
See you.
Looks like it's just us.
All right.
What do you mean. plans?
What's this plan
that makes you turn down the President?
It's a team dinner.
Pardon?
Is there something you want to eat?
Well. it's always chicken for me.
Sounds good.
Really?
Everyone knows
chicken tastes best fried.
You shouldn't have fried food
on an empty stomach.
-You didn't eat the porridge. did you?
-No.
But I'm totally fine now.
It was pretty bad this time.
but it's a pain I'm used to.
A worker bee mustn't get sick.
Cut down on coffee.
exercise. watch what you eat.
and go see a doctor. okay?
Oh. do you take supplements?
No.
Then next time.
let's buy supplements together.
Has there ever been
a man in my life
who cared this much about my health?
What are you doing?
Help yourself.
Why? Does it taste bad?
No.
It's really good.
Would you like an ice pop?
You can be the wind.
I'll be the sun.
I get it now.
The frown of approval.
You frown when you like something. right?
Man. I had no idea.
so I always got nervous
because I thought you were frowning at me.
Did I frown at you that often?
Yes.
I guess you were to my liking often. then.
It's delicious.
Eat the porridge first before your meds.
Please don't be sick.
So it wasn't a dream.
WE'RE A TEAM
Did you make it to work okay today?
Are the trees
in front of the building still beautiful?
-What?
-Come on!
Hey! Did you see the online forum?
Hello.
I'm Lee Young-hun.
a ninth-year employee at SAEUM
currently on leave.
I am now coming up
on a full three years of leave.
medical and paternity leave combined.
Three years ago.
I encountered an unwelcome guest
in the form of panic disorder.
But I couldn't tell anyone
because I didn't want to be seen as weak.
I couldn't jeopardize my career
when I had a newborn at home.
Until one person found me one day
alone in the stairwell…
This is Kang Si-woo.
…struggling for breath.
Hey Mom. it's me.
Han-gyeol is sick. and…
He sat me down and said…
I told you. my kid's sick.
I'll take a half day.
so just stay until then.
…I should stop right now.
That I should quit my job
and take care of myself.
I walked out that very day.
I had insisted on taking
over the new product presentation.
but I dumped that onto him too.
Someone from the office sent me an email.
asking me to clear up
the misunderstandings about him.
That's when I first heard
all the rumors about him.
Yes.
he hardly ever smiles.
he's cold.
and he never apologizes.
He is Three-No-Man.
To some. he might be the worst boss ever.
But for me.
he's a unicorn of a boss.
the one who saved my life.
I hope to see you again soon.
Mr. Kang Si-woo.
Si-woo.
Why are they…
Are they the type
to stay friends after breaking up?
But…
Why am I feeling this way?
Do I? Mr. Kang?
If you got married and divorced.
what would you call your ex?
Where are we. Hollywood?
-How about a second call for applicants?
-Hello!
I'll do it.
I mean. I'll give it a go. sir.
Maybe it's a crush?
When you take on an unknown man.
you'll feel something new.
There's a meeting I wasn't aware of?
WHAT MAKES YOUR HEART FLUTTER
THE MOST THESE DAYS?
It makes you smile. Mr. Kang?
Subtitle: Yenny Kang